Custom applications new theme release note (#3064)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/releases/2023-05/new-theme.mdx

---
date: 2023-05-09
title: New UI styles for Merchant Center
description: The Merchant Center styles have been updated.
type: announcement
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Development
---

> Now that we've updated the Merchant Center to have a modern, cleaner and better structured UI, you can also make your Custom Application to use these same styles.

Reviewer: How about:
`Now that we've redesigned the Merchant Center to enhance user experience and usability, you can also make your Custom Application look consistent with the rest of the Merchant Center.`?

---
date: 2023-05-09

> title: New UI styles for Merchant Center

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: New UI style for the Merchant Center
```

Author: Updated here: f7e78ed415646fc7393db468b61859a8790fc0ee

> description: The Merchant Center styles have been updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: The UI style of the Merchant Center is now updated, following its redesign.
```

Author: Updated here: f7e78ed415646fc7393db468b61859a8790fc0ee

type: announcement
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Development
---

Now that we've redesigned the Merchant Center to enhance user experience and usability, you can also make your Custom Application look consistent with the rest of the Merchant Center.

> You'll just need to update your `ui-kit` and `app-kit` dependencies (use the latest version if possible).

Author: @emmenko My main concern here is that we're not telling developers which version they should use for their Custom Applications to look like the rest of the Merchant Center.
If I was such a developer, I would be wondering: "Ok, if I don't use the latest versions, what are the minimum versions I should use to take full advantage of the new design?"

Author: Updated here: f7e78ed415646fc7393db468b61859a8790fc0ee

We don't expect you to need to do any extra work regarding the styles of your components.

> One important feature to mention about the lastest `app-kit` version is that it now includes a new set of components with the goal of helping you laying out the content or your views and reuse the same pattern we use in the Merchant Center default applications.

Reviewer 2: @mmaltsev-ct The above suggestion is respective to the initial draft of the content, while meanwhile the content was updated. This is the the current one:

>The new Merchant Center design also brings new [layout guidelines](/development/page-content-layouts) to display page content, and new UI components to implement the layouts. We recommend following these guidelines and using the layout components for your Custom Applications.

Does it still need to be modified?

> One important feature to mention about the lastest `app-kit` version is that it now includes a new set of components with the goal of helping you laying out the content or your views and reuse the same pattern we use in the Merchant Center default applications.

Reviewer: I think it looks good @naveenchkrvrthy, thanks for checking!

> One important feature to mention about the lastest `app-kit` version is that it now includes a new set of components with the goal of helping you laying out the content or your views and reuse the same pattern we use in the Merchant Center default applications.
> You can read more about them in [this section](../development/page-content-layouts) of the docs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, as part of the new Merchant Center design, we introduced new [layout guidelines for displaying content on a page](/development/page-content-layouts), including new UI components to implement these layouts.
We recommend for Custom Applications to start following these guidelines and use the page content layout components.
```

Author: Updated here: f7e78ed415646fc7393db468b61859a8790fc0ee

> You can read more about them in [this section](../development/page-content-layouts) of the docs.

Author: Updated here: f7e78ed415646fc7393db468b61859a8790fc0ee

> 

Author: Hi @naveenchkrvrthy 

Thanks for your review and suggestion.

I'm worried your proposal does not convey the main message we would need to share with Custom Application developers which is they should update their `ui-kit` and `app-kit` dependencies.
With your proposal it seems the main message is about the page content layout components and also the sentence about don't needing any extra work feels weird as it's not related to those components but to the process of updating a Custom Application.

I think the priority of the messages should be kept:
1. Merchant Center UI has been redesigned
2. You need to update `ui-kit` and `app-kit` dependencies in your Custom Application
3. We don't expect you to require any extra work to adapt your Custom Application to the new design
4. On top of that, now we provide a set of components to help when laying out pages content

---
date: 2023-05-09
title: New UI style for the Merchant Center
description: The UI style of the Merchant Center is now updated, following its redesign.
type: announcement
topics:
  - Merchant Center
  - Development
---

> Now that we've redesigned the Merchant Center to enhance user experience and usability, you can also make your Custom Application look consistent with the rest of the Merchant Center.
> You'll just need to update your `ui-kit` and `app-kit` dependencies (use the latest version if possible).
> 
> We don't expect you to need to do any extra work regarding the styles of your components.
> 
> Additionally, as part of the new Merchant Center design, we introduced new [layout guidelines for displaying content on a page](/development/page-content-layouts), including new UI components to implement these layouts.
> We recommend for Custom Applications to start following these guidelines and use the page content layout components.
> 
> As always, if you have questions or feedback you can open a [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/discussions) or a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/issues).

Reviewer 2: @CarlosCortizasCT I've made minimal edits keeping in mind the priority of the message. Ok now?
```suggestion
You can now get your Custom Application to resemble the default applications in the redesigned Merchant Center. To achieve this, update the `ui-kit` and `app-kit` dependencies to the latest version. We don't expect you to do any extra work for the style of your components.

The new Merchant Center design also brings new [layout guidelines](/development/page-content-layouts) to display page content, and new UI components to implement the layouts. We recommend following these guidelines and using the layout components for your Custom Applications.

If you have questions or feedback, open a GitHub [discussion](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/discussions) or [issue](https://github.com/commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit/issues).
```
